README.md, before:

# git_training
How to get started:

1. Download [R](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/base/) and [RStudio desktop](https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/) or create an account on [RStudio cloud](https://login.rstudio.cloud/login?redirect=%2F).
2. Install Git via this [link](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git), ONLY if you are using RStudio desktop.
3. [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) this repository, then git clone your forked repository or create a [new repository.](./guides/how_to_create_a_repo.md) It's recommended to practice first by forking and cloning this repository.
4. Follow the steps in our [guide to git for R users](./guides/introduction_to_git.md) (see [here](https://nhsdigital.github.io/rap-community-of-practice/training_resources/git/intro-to-git/) for an equivalent guide for Python users).

Next steps:
* For more information about connecting to Git via RStudio, troubleshooting tips and Git/R features, we'd recommend [this guide](https://happygitwithr.com/index.html).
* **Practice**. After completing the [introduction to Git and version control guide](./guides/introduction_to_git.md), feel free to practice version control by making changes to the files in the practice_scripts folder (add, remove or edit files) and then follow the Git commands workflow to push these changes to your branch for this repository on GitHub.

Commit message:

Updates README.md * Make it more generalized and accessible for Codespace users

README.md, after:

# git_training

Welcome to the NHS-R community repository for Git Training. Code version control is fundamental skill for any analysts, as it provides tonnes of benefits for both you and your project.

## How to get started

You can follow along with the training in this repository in two ways, online with a [GitHub Codespace](https://github.com/features/codespaces) (60-hours per month free) or offline, on your own machine. 

Either way you want to follow along, you will need a repository to work with. [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) this repository, then git clone your forked repository or create a [new repository.](./guides/how_to_create_a_repo.md) It's recommended to practice first by forking and cloning this repository. 

### Online

Working in Codespaces requires very little set up; a lot of the process of configuring Access Tokens and cloning a repository is handled automatically for you. Given you have saved so much time, check out the [RAP Community of Practice training guides for Git](https://nhsdigital.github.io/rap-community-of-practice/training_resources/git/introduction-to-git/) or have a look at the next steps down below! 

### Offline

1. Download [R](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/base/) and [RStudio desktop](https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/) or [Visual Studio Code desktop](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).
2. Install Git via this [link](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
3. [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) this repository, then git clone your forked repository or create a [new repository.](./guides/how_to_create_a_repo.md) It's recommended to practice first by forking and cloning this repository.
4. Follow the steps in our [guide to git for R users](./guides/introduction_to_git.md) (see [here](https://nhsdigital.github.io/rap-community-of-practice/training_resources/git/introduction-to-git/) for an equivalent guide for Python users).


### Next steps:

* For more information about connecting to Git via RStudio, troubleshooting tips and Git/R features, we'd recommend [this guide](https://happygitwithr.com/index.html).
* **Practice**. After completing the [introduction to Git and version control guide](./guides/introduction_to_git.md), feel free to practice version control by making changes to the files in the practice_scripts folder (add, remove or edit files) and then follow the Git commands workflow to push these changes to your branch for this repository on GitHub.
